# Reverse Polich Notation Calculator
## as seen in [Learn You a Haskell](http://learnyouahaskell.com/functionally-solving-problems)

> Usually when we write mathematical expressions in school, we write them in an infix manner. For instance, we write `10 - (4 + 3) * 2`. `+`, `*` and `-` are infix operators, just like the infix functions we met in Haskell (`+`, ``elem``, etc.). This makes it handy because we, as humans, can parse it easily in our minds by looking at such an expression. The downside to it is that we have to use parentheses to denote precedence.
> 
> Reverse Polish notation is another way of writing down mathematical expressions. Initially it looks a bit weird, but it's actually pretty easy to understand and use because there's no need for parentheses and it's very easy to punch into a calculator. While most modern calculators use infix notation, some people still swear by RPN calculators. This is what the previous infix expression looks like in RPN: `10 4 3 + 2 * -`. How do we calculate what the result of that is? Well, think of a stack. You go over the expression from left to right. Every time a number is encountered, push it on to the stack. When we encounter an operator, take the two numbers that are on top of the stack (we also say that we pop them), use the operator and those two and then push the resulting number back onto the stack. When you reach the end of the expression, you should be left with a single number if the expression was well-formed and that number represents the result.